spin here forget out their gear reviews
and for the past several weeks I've been
testing out these the Merrill mixmaster
moves this is a great transition road
shoe for those going from a structured
motion control shoe to a more minimal
issue the mix master collection features
shoes that are super lightweight
minimalist and versatile they're part of
the M connect series which are barefoot
inspired to help you feel the world
around you these close to road shoes
sport a 4 millimeter drop and are built
with the same last as the Mixmaster 1
and 2 trail shoes here though the trail
lugs are replaced with a more
appropriate tread for road running and
while this is meant as a road shoe I
found out it handled some trails quite
well although I wouldn't use it in wet
conditions on a trailer on super gnarly
terrain this can definitely be used as a
road to trail shoe in a variety of
conditions the upper offers flexibility
and comfort with breathable mashing it
conformed well to my foot thanks to
these durable overlays reflective trim
helps visibility went out on the road at
night and because it's treated with
aegis antimicrobial solution it'll
resist odor like all Merrill Footwear
these are built with the outdoor
enthusiast in mind with protective
materials where you need them well a bit
more than what's needed for a pure road
shoe it does bolster the shoes ability
to cross over from row to trail the
outsole is made of merrells sticky
rubber and has a tread pattern that
works on both road and trail it's low
profile minimizing the amount of shoe
between your foot and the ground and the
float midsole gives great feel and
ground control as a mid-foot striker I
didn't really benefit from the air
cushion in the heel but it promises to
absorb shock and add stability and will
be particularly helpful to those making
the transition for more structured shoes
this show is a more traditional shape
than newer minimal issues that are built
on an anatomical last which made for a
bit of rubbing particularly on the
instep for me a decent pair of socks an
alternate lacing method kept hot spots
at bay and also increased my ability to
lock down the shoe without strangling my
foot this sticky rubber sole gives good
grip and the grooves built in the sole
help with flexibility and allow you to
run more naturally this all seemed a bit
stiff for my taste and ended up giving
me a bit of knee irritation on
particularly hard surfaces when running
for long periods of time but by
alternating terrain I was able to
alleviate that all together
if you're interested in making the
transition from heavier cushion shoes to
something more minimal these lightweight
4 millimeter drop shoes are an ideal
candidate and although they're billed as
a road shoe they're also great if you're
looking for a shoe that can cross over
from road to trail while I had some
minor nitpicks this shoe performed well
and would be a great addition to your
spring gear collection if you're looking
to move to something more minimal or
need a versatile runner check out the
Meryl mix master moves on the Meryl
website and a variety of colors forget
out their gear reviews I'm spin now get
out there and go for a run you'll be
glad you did
you